without a doubt facebook guys are the
most consistent advertising platform
i've ever used and after spending a
couple million dollars utilizing them
for my ecommerce businesses i've learned
a couple things that i'll be sharing
with you guys so in this video i'll be
covering how to set up a basic
retargeting ad that will help you target
a group of people that have already
shown interest in what you have to offer
and i'll be breaking down this strategy
step by step in the most intuitive way i
care and i've been using these exact
strategies to maintain and scale my own
ecommerce businesses to ensure that my
brand is consistently running at a high
profit margin if you're interested in
learning how to use the shopify drop
shipping method to transition into a
legitimate brand make sure to subscribe
to my channel for new weekly videos
alright so let's get into it
by the way the setting has changed once
again i'm in a new wework this time in
madrid spain it's amazing here i'm doing
a euro tour been to six other countries
in the past month uh just having a good
time enjoying but still making new
videos new content for you guys as
always i'm gonna give you guys an update
on my store and how i've been doing
using these exact strategies that i
teach you guys so let's hop into my
computer all right so we are live on my
shopify dashboard right now and as you
can see it is 7am in the states we're at
yesterday hit 5298.
this week has been 32 000 and then this
month 82 000
it's looking like 130 maybe 150k a month
depending on if i plan to scale this
store right now given you're watching
this video likely already ran an ad
report collected data onto your website
so the strategy is not actually possible
if you guys don't have sufficient data
so sufficient data being a website visit
add to cart purchase initiate checkout
or any engagement on your social media
pages so what we will be doing and
structuring within this video within
your ads manager is showing an ad to
someone who has already shown interest
in what you've had to offer so they've
gone on to your website if they've added
the cart product onto your website
they're gonna be seeing another ad from
your company so the first thing that we
need to ensure is that our audiences are
compiled within a set block so that we
can go in and target them later on in
the future within our ads all right so
let's hop into my computer within my ads
manager and make some custom audiences
right so step one to creating custom
audience is first to go on to your
facebook ads manager go to the ad
accounts and now we're gonna hit this
four or this three little bar button
tools and then we're gonna go to
audiences right here all right so the
first audience we are going to create is
a website visitor audience now this is
going to be people that have simply just
visited your website in the past 30 days
we're going to set the retention to 30
days for this one create custom audience
hit website next can we select your
pixel right
all website visitors
30 days it's already pre-selected so
website visitor
now that we have that audience we're
going to go create our next audience
same thing custom audience website
this time we're going to be selecting
everyone that has added to cart
in the past 30 days but we are also
going to exclude your purchases
so it's like here add to cart 30 days
we're fine okay exclude people
now we're going to select purchases
purchase 30-day retention as well we're
going to create audience done now we're
going to do the same thing with initiate
checkout people have initiate checkout
in the past 30 days that have not
purchased we're going to go in initiate
checkout we're gonna exclude purchases
once more create audience done all right
so now we're gonna go into video views
custom audience we're gonna go into
video next
we're gonna choose the content we're
going to go 95 75 and 50 of video views
okay so first we're going to go 95
choose your video we're going to select
a video
here we're going to go a little bit
farther back and go 90 days so everyone
that has watched 95 or more of your
videos in the past 90 day you can select
any video you want for now i'm just
going to set the example to one video
done now we're going to do the same
thing for 75 and 50 next choose seven
percent choose video select it confirm
90 done last one's 50.
all right so now we're done with the
video views all we have to do is
instagram and facebook engagement for
our last ad set so we're going to go
here custom audience again now we're
going to go to instagram account next
we'll do 90 days all right so we're
going to set this as well to 90 days so
this is anyone that has engaged with
your instagram account in the past 90
days it could be a message save
instagram post this could be a liked
image done now we have to do facebook
custom audience again we're gonna go
here to facebook page
next see anyone that has engaged with
your page in the past 90s
name this audience we have created our
audiences now all we have to do is piece
together our campaign so we're gonna go
into ads manager and create our first
campaign structured around website
visitors
all right so first we're gonna hit this
create button
we're gonna go for conversions
continue
web events name it basic
all right so we're going to be doing
a 50 a day budget and we're going to
have three of these campaigns so i
suggest for your retargeting what you
should attribute your retargeting budget
to is let's say you have a thousand
dollar a day budget on ads in general
fifteen to twenty percent you should be
dedicating to retargeting so since we're
gonna have three campaigns we're gonna
do a hundred fifty dollars first one's
gonna be fifty dollars the next you're
gonna be fifty dollars too we're gonna
create our first ad set so this one's
gonna be website and scroll down
make sure that your conversion event is
here and selected as purchase we're
gonna scroll down select our custom
audience right here website visitor
right there that one 30 day now all this
here the location the demographic that's
all going to be overridden by this
custom audience because this is exactly
where we're going to target no one else
so we can scroll down i like to keep it
at auto placements now we're going to go
on to the ad portion these are people
within your funnel they already know
about your brand so they've likely
already seen your initial ad so what i
highly suggest is to change that ad you
don't want to show them the same exact
ad so within this retargeting campaign
you can either do a single image you can
do a carousel showcasing your product or
you can do another video you can even
add a discount in there
i suggest to keep some sort of scarcity
you don't want to give like a 70 off
discount code maybe i'd say anything
from 10 to 15 no more than that you're
gonna create this ad add your carousel
your single image and then of course you
know input all your card information add
your text within this text i would
change up the text i would change up the
video or the ad like i said and then
you're gonna here put your url select
your domain and then you're gonna
publish this ad set but once you go here
we're not done yet so i'm just gonna put
a random website for now just so it
allows me so here's this we gotta create
two more for the other events so we're
gonna duplicate this twice now we're
just gonna piece together the other
audiences that we created so we're gonna
go here select the first one this one's
going to be the initiate checkout past
30 days with the exclusion of purchases
right initiate checkout exclusion
purchases you can just copy this name it
right there now that's all good
the only variable within all these ad
sets is the audience right because we
want to figure out what is working what
isn't working and then slowly start to
narrow down from there everything's all
set up remember that you want to be
editing your ad inputting all that
information and then once that's good
this is the completion of the first
campaign all right so now that we've
properly structured our ad sets within
our campaign we're gonna let this
publish and we're gonna let it go active
after it's in review and gets approved
okay so now we're gonna go in and create
our other two campaigns now the next one
is going to be structured around video
views so we're going to go in this video
view
and now remember the budget three
campaigns are each can be 50 150 a day
budget we're gonna go to custom
audiences we're going to select our 50
video view bam auto placements
next we're going to select our instagram
account select the page all right so now
for the ad portion you're going to be
doing the same thing that you did to the
last one you're just going to be
changing up the video now these are
people that have already watched your
video the videos that you selected for
more than a certain percentage right so
this one's 50
now you don't want to show them the same
video either change the video add a
carousel add a single image alright cool
so now we're going to do the same thing
we're gonna go and duplicate this ad set
so it duplicates the ads as well the
original campaign duplicate and we're
just gonna be inserting our other
audiences and so the reason why i like
to go in and separate these campaigns or
these audience sorry these audiences
rather is so that when i let these run
for a two-week period i figure out what
is working best and then slowly starts
to narrow down from there if i notice
that the 75
for two weeks straight has averaged you
know 1.2 points above my breakeven ros
then i'm going to be utilizing the 75
more or you know the 75 percent the 50
are hitting i'm going to focus on those
and then exclude the 95 maybe not use 95
as much alright perfect so this is how
we set up the video view campaign we're
going to go in and create our very last
campaign simply create button again
conversions and then basic once again 50
scroll down remember everything all this
demographic gets overridden
if we just go and select this custom
audience now this will not happen if you
don't have a custom audience in place so
if you are just cold targeting make sure
that you fill in all the demographic
targeting all right there we go engage
instagram 90 days next we go under ad we
do the same exact thing that we did on
last one so i'm just going to skip this
process real quick now we're going to
include our facebook engagement all
right so that's how we go about creating
our final campaign now if we go back let
these publish we're going to have our
three campaigns 50 a budget a day each
now you're gonna let these run for about
two weeks and after that two-week period
start to cut off what is not profitable
and in the next video i'm gonna go about
how to scale your retargeting ads but
this is essentially the basic idea of
how to structure a retargeting campaign
to target back to people that already
have an interest in your brand now keep
in mind facebook attribution is not the
best so that when you are running your
ads and you see the return on ad spent
portion if you think that it's a lot
lower make sure to compare your shopify
sales to what the conversion value is on
facebook so i would go in and multiply
the percentage missing from your shopify
sales before i end this video i want to
announce the winner of the free
one-on-one call giveaway the winner is
nft just say congratulations please send
me a message on instagram and i will get
back to you for a scheduled time now
remember that all you have to do to
enter this giveaway is one be subscribed
to my channel like this video and
comment below which place you want to
travel to sometime this new year and
remember if you guys are looking to
learn how to build a legitimate business
a legitimate brand using the shopify
drop shipping method make sure to watch
my videos and subscribe for new videos
each week i will see you guys in the
next one peace
[Applause]